existentialism

  The frame that captures humanity and inhumanity,
  communication and person, freedom and slavery, maturity
  and immaturity, wellbeing and illbeing, is a frame that
  captures existence in humanity and inhumanity, wellbeing
  and illbeing, freedom and slavery, nobility and ignominy.
  An awareness of the past, present, and future of this
  existence as well as the past, present, and future of the
  alternative existences of others.  The frames necessary to
  communication, conception, and comprehension.

  The sights of being in maturity and immaturity must
  conceive of adultism and infantilism, wellbeing and
  illbeing, sanity and insanity.  The sights of nobility as
  the freedom of egalitarianism, the security of
  proletarianism, the fidelity of humanism, and the
  integrity of intellectualism.  The sights of ignominy as
  the slavery of infantilism, the insecurity of depravity,
  and the infidelity of immorality.  Require conception for
  understanding.  Require experience for contextualization.  

  The margins of our boundaries are rivers and mountains of
  distraction, deflection, deprivation, and depredation that
  obscurity would obfuscate.  The obfuscations of
  narcissism, avarice, and sadism demand supremacy by
  distraction, deflection, deception, and denial.  The
  subjugation by violence a milieu of insanity.  The social
  conflict of the intellectual forfeiture that fails to
  conceive of society, its membership and obligations.
  Moral autonomy.  Individual independence.  Socialistic
  interdependence.  Communistic dependence.  The necessity
  of government, and the rule of law.

  The past, present, and future of humanity differentiated
  from the absolutism of moral depravity may be most present
  in children as vulnerable.  The actuality of childhood
  contrasted to the reality of childhood in awareness and
  perspective.  The differentiation of childhood from the
  criminal neglect evident in the experience of infantilism
  as represented by Donald Trump and the "exploitation
  government" of nihilistic culture.

